HOLD Software: enumerate additional service-accounts that use backends (#3862)
astronomer/docs: software/integrate-iam.md

    ```

    If Workload Identity is working, you should see a list of credentialed accounts related to your GCP service account.

> ## Granting Access to Airflow Components Using XCom and Secret Backends {sas-that-use-backends}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Granting Access to Airflow components using XCom and secrets backends {sas-that-use-backends}
```

> Astronomer Software creates a set of service-accounts for each Airflow instance it manages.
> The following roles can require access to Airflow Xcom-backends or secret-backends to function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astronomer Software creates a set of service-accounts for each Airflow instance it manages. The following roles can require access to Airflow Xcom backends or secrets backends to function:
```

| Component                   | Rationale                                                                                                 |
|-----------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `<release name>-scheduler`         | Customer-provided dag-code is regularly interpreted to determine what tasks are part of dags, and that code may incorporate references to values stored in secret storage or XCom.                  |
> | `<release name>-worker`            | Customer-provided dag-code is interpreted at task-run time and may incorporate references to values stored in secret storage or XCom.             |
> | `<release name>-triggerer`         | Customer-provided dag-code is interpreted at task-run time and may incorporate references to values stored in secret storage or XCom.            |
> | `<release name>-webserver`         | Provides users a mechanism to view and set secrets and to view XCom entries.|
> | `<release name>-cleanup`           |  Accesses task instances and other data which may include serialized references to values stored in secret-backends or xcom-backends.       |
> | `<release name>-migrate-database-job` | Analyzes serialized dag models which may include serialized references to values stored in secret-backends or xcom-backends. |

Reviewer: Devastated and appalled to learn the plural of "Secrets backend" is "secrets backends"

In this, is the "customer" the Astro user? Would it be more accurate to say "your DAG code"?

```suggestion
| `<release name>-scheduler`         | Customer-provided DAG code is regularly interpreted to determine what tasks are part of DAGs, and that code might incorporate references to values stored in secret storage or XCom.                  |
| `<release name>-worker`            | Customer-provided DAG code is interpreted at task-run time and might incorporate references to values stored in secret storage or XCom.             |
| `<release name>-triggerer`         | Customer-provided DAG code is interpreted at task run time and might incorporate references to values stored in secrets storage or XCom.            |
| `<release name>-webserver`         | Provides users a mechanism to view and set secrets and to view XCom entries.|
| `<release name>-cleanup`           |  Accesses task instances and other data that might include serialized references to values stored in secrets backends or XCOM backends.       |
| `<release name>-migrate-database-job` | Analyzes serialized DAG models that might include serialized references to values stored in secrets backends or XCOM backends. |
```
